Support for Managed Identity on azurerm_policy_assignment (#2549)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/policy_assignment.html.markdown

* `policy_definition_id` - (Required) The ID of the Policy Definition to be applied at the specified Scope.

> * `identity_type` - (Optional) The managed identity type associated with the policy assignment. Either `None` or `SystemAssigned`. Change forces a new resource. Will be mandatory if you assign a policy with `deployIfNotExists` effect.

Reviewer: (as below) since this'll now be in a block we should be able to make this:

```
* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

...

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) The Managed Service Identity Type of this Policy Assignment. At this time the only supported value is `SystemAssigned`.
```

Author: 👍

> * `location` - (Optional) The location of the policy assignment. Only required when utilizing managed identity. Change forces a new resource.

Reviewer: For consistency with other resources can we make this:

```suggestion
* `location` - (Optional) The Azure location where this policy assignment should exist. This is required when an Identity is assigned. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

~> **NOTE:** This value is required when the specified Policy Definition contains the `parameters` field.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) The Managed Service Identity Type of this Policy Assignment. Possible values are `SystemAssigned` (where Azure will generate a Service Principal for you), or `None` (no use of a Managed Service Identity).

~> **NOTE:** When `type` is set to `SystemAssigned`, identity the Principal ID can be retrieved after the policy has been assigned.

> * `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of user managed identity ids to be assigned to the VM. Required if `type` is `UserAssigned`.

Reviewer 2: I don't see the property defined in the schema above?

Nor is `UserAssigned` an option?

* `id` - The Policy Assignment id.

* `identity_principal_id` - The principal ID of the resource identity. Only relevant if using `SystemAssigned` as `identity_type`.

> * `identity_tenant_id` - The tenant ID of the resource identity. Only relevant if using `SystemAssigned` as `identity_type`.

Reviewer: (as above) since this'll be in a block could we make this:

```
---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID of this Policy Assignment.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID of this Policy Assignment.
```

Author: 👍
